the golden headed sista color a kind of
Australian Warbler collects fibers and
spiders webs not just for lining but for
stitching there is no more skilled
tailor in the whole of the bird world
there's little problem about concealing
this nest for the leaves she stitches
together remain alive and green when
she's finished you would barely notice
that they're bent together in a slightly
unusual way
the problem is greater when a nest sits
on the bare branches of a tree the seat
Ella and Australian equivalent of the
nuthatch constructs its nest from
spider's webs and insect cocoons and
then covers the outside with rather
coarser material two pairs are building
here close to one another this one was
in a tree covered in lichen and this in
one that has flaky bark the settlers are
not rigidly minded birds with inflexible
habits they use lichen to cover the nest
in the lichen tree and bark on the one
in the flaky bark tree
as a result each is as well camouflaged
as anyone could hope and though both
nests are playing for all to see they're
not easily recognized for what they are
the apostle bird uses mud mixed with
grass nest-building
is a group activity a pair with their
grown-up young from previous seasons
work together
it used to be believed that there was
always a dozen in the team which is why
they're called apostle birds everyone
seems anxious to contribute and the team
work so industriously and so
harmoniously that their elegant cup is
usually completed in a mere three days a
bird's beak it seems conserve just as
well as a plasterers cow as a tailors
needle
you